feat(isPrintableCharacter): implement Segmenter Intl API (#3803)
SchwarzIT/onyx: .changeset/cold-mangos-count.md

---
"@sit-onyx/headless": minor
---

> feat(isPrintableCharacter): implement Segmenter Intl API

Reviewer: We should consider the readers perspective:
- Is the changeset description understandable without having to check the PR or source code?
- Does the description convey the impact of the change for the reader?

> feat(isPrintableCharacter): implemented Segmenter Intl API for detection of printable keyboard characters, replacing the static NAMED_KEYS_SET lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feat(isPrintableCharacter): making now use of the Segmenter Intl API for detection of printable keyboard characters, replacing the static NAMED_KEYS_SET lookup.
```
